docs: Add durable streaming migration guide, FAQ, and content enhancements (#1323)
vercel/workflow: docs/content/docs/foundations/streaming.mdx

Workflows can stream data in real-time to clients without waiting for the entire workflow to complete. This enables progress updates, AI-generated content, log messages, and other incremental data to be delivered as workflows execute.

## Why durable streaming

> Standard streaming ties the response to a single HTTP connection. If the connection breaks, the response is lost. The server may still be generating, but the client has no way back in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard streaming ties the response to a single HTTP connection. If the connection breaks, the response is lost.
```

> Workflow streaming is durable. The stream is attached to a workflow run, not to a single request. This changes the failure model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflow streaming is durable. The stream is attached to a workflow run, not to a single request. The client connection may drop due to a page refresh, network issue, or function timeout, but can easily re-connect to the same stream where it left off.
```

- **Page refresh**: The client reconnects to the same run instead of starting over
- **Network drop**: The workflow continues on the server and the client resumes from where it left off

> - **Function timeout**: The run persists and the client can reconnect to the in-progress stream

Reviewer: All three of these are the same thing
